Villains never break up because they’re tenacious even when they’re in love. —Vincenzo
Don’t talk about age. All age does is give you a lot of responsibilities. —Vincenzo
Life isn’t always rosy for everyone. No matter how hard you try, you rarely get your way. —Oh Gyeong Ja
Do you how you can tell when someone’s evil? It’s when they stop feeling ashamed. —Vincenzo
Friends are like two souls in one body. Don’t get hurt since it will hurt me, too. —Hong Cha Young
Do you know how much I love you? That makes me human. But to me, my principles come before love. —Jang Han Seok
There is a limit to pain, but there is no limit to one’s fear. —Vincenzo
People barely notice newcomers but you will notice a person’s absence. —Mr. Nam
Your best source of protection isn’t a gun or a sword. It’s your brain. Don’t forget that. —Vincenzo
Regret is the most painful thing in life. —Vincenzo
Smart people may rule the world, but reckless and stubborn people like me protect it. —Hong Yoo Chan
A chance is reserved only for those who are worthy. —Jang Jun Woo
If you walk alone, you reach quickly. But if we go together, we can go far. —Kwak Hee Soo
Don’t let their social status intimidate you. Be strong and act like you’re their equal. —Vincenzo
At times like this, we must find out who their enemies are. Because the enemy of my enemy is a friend. —Vincenzo
Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie. —Miyamoto Musashi
To win any battle, you must fight as if you are already dead. —Miyamoto Musashi
Anger. Control your anger. If you hold anger toward others, they have control over you. Your opponent can dominate and defeat you if you allow him to get you irritated. —Miyamoto Musashi
It may seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first. —Miyamoto Musashi
The path that leads to truth is littered with the bodies of the ignorant. —Miyamoto Musashi
Determine that today you will overcome your self of the day before, tomorrow you will win over those of lesser skill, and later you will win over those of greater skill. —Miyamoto Musashi
No Fear, No Hesitation, No Surprise, No Doubt. —Miyamoto Musashi
You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain. —Miyamoto Musashi
A man cannot understand the art he is studying if he only looks for the end result without taking the time to delve deeply into the reasoning of the study. —Miyamoto Musashi
There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any “Way.”… A person should study as they see fit. —Miyamoto Musashi
In time, all things work to your advantage when you pursue them with an open heart. —Miyamoto Musashi
True warriors are fierce because their training is fierce. —Miyamoto Musashi
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. —Miyamoto Musashi
You can only fight the way you practice. —Miyamoto Musashi
If you wish to control others you must first control yourself. —Miyamoto Musashi
Every battle is won before it's ever fought. —Sun Tzu
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. —Sun Tzu
All warfare is based on deception. —Sun Tzu
There is no instance of a nation benefiting from prolonged warfare. —Sun Tzu
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. —Sun Tzu
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle. —Sun Tzu
To know your enemy, you must become your enemy. —Sun Tzu
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust. —Sun Tzu
In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak. —Sun Tzu
When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard. —Sun Tzu
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things. —Sun Tzu
Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley. —Sun Tzu
There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard. —Sun Tzu
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. —Sun Tzu
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy. —Sun Tzu
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. —Laozi
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. —Laozi
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. —Laozi
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. —Laozi
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. —Laozi
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. —Laozi
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. —Laozi
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you. —Laozi
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth. —Laozi
Time is a created thing. To say "I don't have time," is like saying, "I don't want to". —Laozi
The best fighter is never angry. —Laozi
Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. —Laozi
If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present. —Laozi
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live. —Laozi
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. —Laozi
Every fool stands convinced; and everyone convinced is a fool. —Baltasar Gracian
Don't express your ideas too clearly. Most people think little of what they understand, and venerate what they do not. —Baltasar Gracian
Don't lie, but don't tell the whole truth. —Baltasar Gracian
Life is a warfare against the malice of others. —Baltasar Gracian
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do. —Baltasar Gracian
The greatest service you can render someone else is helping him help himself. —Baltasar Gracian
He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything. —Baltasar Gracian
Superiority is always detested. —Baltasar Gracian
Self knowledge is the beginning of self improvement. —Baltasar Gracian
Folly consists not in committing Folly, but in being incapable of concealing it. —Baltasar Gracian
One must pass through the circumference of time before arriving at the center of opportunity. —Baltasar Gracian
It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards. —Baltasar Gracian
No' and 'Yes' are words quickly said, but they need a great amount of thought before you utter them. —Baltasar Gracian
Knowing how to keep a friend is more important than gaining a new one. —Baltasar Gracian
The truth is generally seen, rarely heard. —Baltasar Gracian
